README.md, before:


# CalendarImportExport

This app allows you to import and export your calendars using ics files without using Google synchronization services.

See also the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md).

| [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.sufficientlysecure.ical) | [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/app/org.sufficientlysecure.ical) |

For more information, see [http://sufficientlysecure.org/android/](http://sufficientlysecure.org/android/).


# Build

## Prerequisites

1. Run the _Android SDK Manager_ (shell command: ``android``)
2. Expand the »Extras« directory and install »Android Support Repository«,
   »Android Support Library« and »Google Repository«.
3. Make sure the *ANDROID_HOME* environment variable is set and points to your Android SDK
   install directory (shell command ``export ANDROID_HOME=~/AndroidSDK/``)
4. Make sure the Android SDK directories »platform-tools«, and »tools« are in your
   *PATH* (shell command ``export PATH="$ANDROID_HOME/platform-tools/:$ANDROID_HOME/tools/:$PATH``)

## Build with Gradle

1. Run the Gradle wrapper (shell commands ``./gradlew build``, ``./gradlew clean`` etc)
2. Run ``./gradlew --help`` for help and ``./gradlew tasks`` for a list of available build tasks
3. If needed, edit »CalendarImportExport/build.gradle« to change the »compileSdkVersion«
   and/or »buildToolsVersion« numbers to match what you installed using the SDK Manager
4. If needed, edit »CalendarImportExport/build.gradle« to change the »com.android.support:support-v4«
   version number to match the version of »Android Support Library« you installed
   using the SDK Manager

## Build with Android Studio

1. Start Android Studio
2. Choose the »Import project« option.
3. Select the »build.gradle« file in this directory and click OK.
4. Once imported, use the build action from the »Build« menu.


# Contribute

Fork the git repository, make changes and submit a pull request with the details.

## Bugs

Bugs can be raised at [Github](https://github.com/SufficientlySecure/calendar-import-export/issues).

## Translations

Translations can be submitted at [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/sufficientlysecure/calendar-import-export/).


# Licenses

Calendar Import/Export is licensed under the GPL v3+.
The file LICENSE includes the full license text.

## Details

Calendar Import/Export is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Calendar Import/Export is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Calendar Import/Export.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


# More

Making a [RELEASE](RELEASE.md).

Commit message:

docs: update README.md to include instructions for building with Modern Android Studio

README.md, after:


# CalendarImportExport

This app allows you to import and export your calendars using ics files without using Google synchronization services.

See also the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md).

| [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.sufficientlysecure.ical) | [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/app/org.sufficientlysecure.ical) |

For more information, see [http://sufficientlysecure.org/android/](http://sufficientlysecure.org/android/).


# Build

## Prerequisites

1. Run the _Android SDK Manager_ (shell command: ``android``)
2. Expand the »Extras« directory and install »Android Support Repository«,
   »Android Support Library« and »Google Repository«.
3. Make sure the *ANDROID_HOME* environment variable is set and points to your Android SDK
   install directory (shell command ``export ANDROID_HOME=~/AndroidSDK/``)
4. Make sure the Android SDK directories »platform-tools«, and »tools« are in your
   *PATH* (shell command ``export PATH="$ANDROID_HOME/platform-tools/:$ANDROID_HOME/tools/:$PATH``)

## Build with Gradle

1. Run the Gradle wrapper (shell commands ``./gradlew build``, ``./gradlew clean`` etc)
2. Run ``./gradlew --help`` for help and ``./gradlew tasks`` for a list of available build tasks
3. If needed, edit »CalendarImportExport/build.gradle« to change the »compileSdkVersion«
   and/or »buildToolsVersion« numbers to match what you installed using the SDK Manager
4. If needed, edit »CalendarImportExport/build.gradle« to change the »com.android.support:support-v4«
   version number to match the version of »Android Support Library« you installed
   using the SDK Manager

## Build with Modern Android Studio

1. Ensure you have the latest version of Android Studio installed.
2. Open Android Studio and select "Open an existing project".
3. Navigate to the root directory of the project and select it.
4. Android Studio will automatically sync the project and download the necessary dependencies.
5. Once the sync is complete, you can build the project by selecting "Build" > "Make Project" from the menu.
6. To run the project, connect an Android device or start an emulator, then select "Run" > "Run 'app'" from the menu.

1. Start Android Studio
2. Choose the »Import project« option.
3. Select the »build.gradle« file in this directory and click OK.
4. Once imported, use the build action from the »Build« menu.


# Contribute

Fork the git repository, make changes and submit a pull request with the details.

## Bugs

Bugs can be raised at [Github](https://github.com/SufficientlySecure/calendar-import-export/issues).

## Translations

Translations can be submitted at [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/sufficientlysecure/calendar-import-export/).


# Licenses

Calendar Import/Export is licensed under the GPL v3+.
The file LICENSE includes the full license text.

## Details

Calendar Import/Export is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Calendar Import/Export is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Calendar Import/Export.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


# More

Making a [RELEASE](RELEASE.md).
